# The Todo project

Hello and welcome back to my blog. The names Jedaiah, and I'm here to talk about the todo project that was due this week. And so when the project was assigned I had no idea how to do it, I was lost before I had even started the project so I was a little bit nervous, also since it was a project grade I needed to do it correctly. So I open a new file and get to work.

First thing I noticed is that it wasn't that difficult as I made it in my head to be. So following the setup used in the schoology example, I had made a few lines creating some welcoming codes like "your current todos are" and it would list the current todos that I had picked which was, "Do your homework, Practice guitar, Work out". And so typing those codes in I figured I should use a variable and inside the variable have an input so that I can ask the user if they would like to remove or add something from the todo list, and since the project is asking me to make the user be able to add or remove something from the list. And so I started with an if statement using the variable I used choice and if they typed in "add" then the code I put would ask them the todo they would like to add, then list the new list the user had modified.

Then for the second part of the project I used choice again but this time, if there choice was "remove" it would ask them first what they would like to remove, then list the new modified list. All in all the code was actually pretty fun to do, cause it wasn't neccessarily hard, it was just code that was difficult to put together, and at the end i used a while loop code to put at the beggining so that the user would be able to keep modifying the todo list.